#251 rocketmq 5.0 en doc init (#252)
apache/rocketmq-site: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-5.0/01-基础介绍/02concepts.md

# Concepts

> This topic describes the basic concepts of Apache RocketMQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the core concepts of Apache RocketMQ.
```

## Topic

> A topic is a top-level container that is used in Apache RocketMQ to transfer and store messages that belong to the same business logic.Learn more [Topic](../03-领域模型/02topic.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A topic is logically a collection of queues; we may publish messages to or receive from it. Learn more [Topic](../03-领域模型/02topic.md).
```
